DONE
    1. welcome.html
    3. mooc_item.html
    4. Rename Document resource to file resource
    7. Ne plus afficher le dossier Root : dossier d'id 1
    8. Ainsi, il faut afficher le nombre total de dossiers - 1
    10. In includes/components/sheet_script.html, change vue instance editMode default value to false
    11. In that same file change all components editMode default values to false
    13. Create file  (for fileField) from base64 string. See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39576174/save-base64-image-in-django-file-field
        import base64
        from django.core.files.base import ContentFile
        format, imgstr = data.split(';base64,')
        ext = format.split('/')[-1]
        data = ContentFile(base64.b64decode(imgstr), name='temp.' + ext) # You can save this as file instance.
    14. In sheet_script.html add watchers on each vue component data element to update their corresponding field in the content prop so that it matches at all time
        Because the contents are the one to be send to the server side
    17. Ajouter un attribut editable dans la classe Cell pour initialiser le mode d'un nouvel élement à edit =true
    22. N'accepte plus, plus d'un media par page.
    25. Add size field for image and video display (like in latex)
    27. Ctr+S on an element save the sheet.
    30. Enable folder with subfolders delete.
    38. !!! URGENT Faire la sauvegarde des Youtube cells
TODO
    * Refactor all models to items (inherit item)
    * While designing each page take a look at https://ui-patterns.com/patterns
    5. Define the path method in folder (or maybe in an utility class it would be better)
    6. Add breadcrumb to path
    12. Rename Week model (too specific) into Step (more generic)
    15. The informations on the audio element doesnt update on audio change.
    16. Prevent the audio and video from playing when we click to edit (make them unclickable)
    20. Style markdown content
    21. Mettre des conditions pour la validation d'une feuille (Pour sauvegarder, toutes les contenus doivent avoir editmode = false)
    23. Automate the creation of the root folder
    24. Ajouter un attribut sequence aux weeks et items et les utiliser à la place de l'id dans la paginatino "next" et "previous"
    26. Permettre l'ajout d'un content sous un autre : on ajoute sous le content qui est actif, si aucun content actif, on ajoute en dernière position.
    28. Add Nav drawer menu
    	add enable auto save in options 
    29. Place cursor at the end of markdown content text area
    31. For content: add attribute "selected", we select with one click, we edit with two clicks (it selects too), selected can be moved up and down
    32. Echappe les caractères de mathjax
    33. Add Generator class which enables to generate items from folders, e.g generate mooc course from folder, course form folder, school course from folder, music playlist from folder, video playlist from folder..
    34. Change iconify to iconclass
    35. la vidéo fait la taille de la cellule et quand e double clique ça met en plein écran, sans titre impossible de revenir en mode edition
    36. Refactor content to cell
    37. Refactor week to coursepart
    39. Require authentication for api
    40. Add Quill cell (cf Quilljs) to enable rich text editing
    41. Add a 'folded' attribute to cell model (which when sett to true "folds" the elt like with html secret tag
        NB!! It might be better to define a "view" model associated to a user and a sheet which defines how the sheet should look to a specific user.
    42. Add static code analysis with pylint for backend, and eslint for frontend
    43. TDD will be done with selenium https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rLPDxpXIFc (Cf related book) for backend, and with jest for frontend
    44. Add coverage test and report for backend and frontend
    45. Add pitesting for backend + frontend
    46. Créer une notice de cours en même temps qu'un cours (actuellement erreur lors d'un clique sur la notice d'un nouveau cours)
    47. Ajouter un historique d'accès, un historique de modification et un historique de recherche (comme sur youtube)
    48. Add Cornell note Sheet layout http://lsc.cornell.edu/study-skills/cornell-note-taking-system/
    50. Enable layouts (Grid, Column)
